Enable scneario management for different configs (#413)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/configuration.rst

.. _scenario:

``run``
=======

It is common conduct to analyse energy system optimisation models for **multiple scenarios** for a variety of reasons,
e.g. assessing their sensitivity towards changing the temporal and/or geographical resolution or investigating how
investment changes as more ambitious greenhouse-gas emission reduction targets are applied.

> The ``run`` section is used for running and storing scenarios with different configurations which are not covered by :ref:`wildcards`. It determines the path at which resources, networks and results are stored. Therefore the user can run different configurations within the same directory. If a run with a non empty name should use the default cutouts, set ``dedicated_cutouts`` to `false`.       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``run`` section is used for running and storing scenarios with different configurations which are not covered by :ref:`wildcards`. It determines the path at which resources, networks and results are stored. Therefore the user can run different configurations within the same directory. If a run with a non-empty name should use cutouts shared across runs, set ``shared_cutouts`` to `true`.       
```
